Update company-cadence.md (#1134)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/operations/company-cadence.md

      <th style="text-align:left">Time:</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">
        <ul>

>           <li>Biweekly meeting on Wednesdays from 8:00am to 8:25am Palo Alto time and once per quarter at 6:00pm Palo Alto time to allow APAC team members to participate.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <li>Bi-weekly meeting on Wednesdays from 8:00am to 8:25am Palo Alto time and once per quarter at 6:00pm Palo Alto time to allow APAC team members to participate.</li>
```
